All right.
So our code is now a lot more modular
and much more readable because we've implemented a better structure.
So for example, our HTML broad stroke web page wide styles are up here,
and then we've got our headings,
classes, our sections classes, our navigation bar
classes, our buttons, titles section, features, and it's now a lot easier,
say if something goes wrong in our code, to try and figure out the part of the code that's causing the
problem.
So you could further refactor this, although there really is a sweet spot before you start, you know, getting
rid of all your code and trying to mush it all together into a single giant class which doesn't really
work either.
So just because something repeats itself isn't itself a good enough reason for you to try and get rid
of it.
So even though we have for example the price-text that has a font-size of 3rem and line-height
of 1.5 and also the testimonial-text also has the same dimensions,
it's not necessarily a good enough reason to simply bunch them together into a single class, because
even though, you know, in our case we've kind of kept them the same,
in reality it's probably not likely that you're going to have exactly the same styles applied to many
bits of your web page that are not really related,
right?
The testimonial-text and the pricing-text,
it's just a pure coincidence, or rather partly laziness on my part to keep them styled exactly the same.
In reality it's probably not going to be. So
our web site is now complete.
Now of course the href for these buttons etc. and your social icons are not working at all,
because we don't really have anywhere to point people to.
But if you did have a web site then you can already see how you now have the skills and the tools and
the know how to build a fantastic looking web site yourself using Bootstrap and CSS and HTML.
So I hope you had fun with me in this module and in the next module we've got even more exciting things
yet to come for you
because we're going to learn about Javascript.
So not only are we going to have style but we're also going to have a functionality. And this is really
where the real fun starts, because we can start making our web site do things by using some real code
and not just HTML and CSS.
So I'm really excited to see you on the next module and I hope you will be too.
So for all of that and more, I'll see you on the next module.